Let's go back again to this new function that we've created
and do something a little more sophisticated.
So I have, just like a cooking show, a little bit of code already ready for us.
I'm going to paste this in, and really the important part here is that
I actually have this wider code that understands
that it's going to be called by a web service.
So it knows that a body is going to appear inside of
this event and that actually loads in the JSON.
Then there's an algorithm that determines
the correct number of coins but that's not really not that important.
The main thing is that after it figures out the correct number of coins
that go in to this function is going to return back a status code of 200.
What that means is that,
the web service is going to tell whoever calls it that it was okay.
Everything was processed successfully.
Also it's going to send out a header that says Content-type application JSON.
This also tells the person that's receiving the code that this is a JSON payload.
Finally, the JSON itself is actually returned back.
So this is really an important thing to know about is that there's
this structure that you're sending this metadata about what it is you did.
Finally, that all gets returned back via a response.
So to test this out, all I have to do is again go to this run function,
and there's a couple ways I can test it out.
I can test it out with Lambda local or I can test it out with API Gateway local.
What I'm going to do is I'm actually going to first test it out with Lambda local.
So this is like calling the function basically just like a Python function.
Here we go. I can go ahead and say,
''amount,'' and then I can put in a number like 137.
So basically ''$1.37.''
Then let's go and pass that into the function and see what happens.
Here we go and return back a successful response.
You can see it was five quarters and one dime and two pennies.
That's actually returning back from the Python and also the logs themselves.
Anytime you have a print statement, there's
that print statement, it shows up in the function logs.
Now, I'm going to actually make it a little more
sophisticated and I'm going to call it like it's a web service.
So what I can do is go to this Lambda and go to API Gateway local.
Now it's going to look a little bit different because I'm going
to give it a JSON payload instead of a Python dictionary.
So I go to method and I change the method to post.
What that does is it allows me to attach a payload to it,
and I have the path here which is the change route.
I'm going to go ahead and do the same thing I did before.
So I'm going to type in amount,
and then I'm going to type in a number 189.
Again, that will be in a string.
Once I pass this in, now I can actually expect that it'll act like
a traditional web service and here you see that it actually
returns back a really nicely formatted JSON response
and it's got seven quarters one dime and four pennies.
Also it gives back the content type application JSON
and also tells me the content length.
So it's giving me a well-formed HTTP response back,
and now it's actually ready to be deployed as a microservice in AWS.